# Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 30 December 2021.

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use our application and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **"Account"** means a unique account created for You to access our Application or parts of our Application.
- **"Application"** means the software program provided by Evolootion App LLC downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Evolootion Strength
- **"Company"** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Evolootion App LLC
- **"Country"** refers to the United States of America
- **"Device"** means any device that can access the Application such as a cell phone or a digital tablet.
- **"Personal Data"** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **"Usage Data"** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Application or from the Application infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **"You"** means the individual accessing or using the Application, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Application, as applicable.

# Personal Data
We collect and store personal information related to your App profile, which you voluntarily give us either upon sign-up or through continued use of the App:
- Email address
- Workout data

We may also collect billing information, such as credit card number, when purchasing a subscription to the App. We do not store this information.

# How We Collect Data
We may collect the data detailed above in two different ways:
- When you **voluntarily** provide us with such data - meaning, for example, if you create an account with our App or enter data related to your workouts.
- Data collected **automatically** - meaning, information related to your device, such as hardware and geographic location.

# Use of Your Personal Data

The company may use personal data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Application**, including to login to the Application, verify your subscription status, and monitor the usage of our Application.
- **To manage Your Account**: to manage Your registration as a user of the Application. The personal data You provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Application that are available to you as a registered user.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- **With Application Providers:** We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Application or for payment processing.

# Retention of Your Data
Once you are a registered user of the Application, we retain your data for as long as you remain an active user of your account. When there has not been any activity on your account for three years, we will contact you to check if you still wish to retain your account with us. When you decide to cancel your account or we do not hear further from you, your account will be de-activated and all your data will be deleted. 

If you would like to request that we delete your account and/or data, please contact us at evolootionllc@gmail.com with the subject line “Delete user data”. 

# Contact Us
If you would like to contact us, you can reach us at evolootionllc@gmail.com
